(More Movies Story) As a user, I want to be able to have several movie options to choose from in order to see which one I would prefer the most.
	To get to this point, the User Login Story, Recommendation Story, and Movie Details Story are all successful. In other words, the user has logged in, gotten
their first five recommendations, and is able to view the details of the five movies that have been recommended. If the user doesn’t like any of the five recommendations
- maybe the user has already seen those five movies, then this is where the More Movies Story comes in. Here the user will be able to do something - maybe click a button
that is labeled “next 5” - to allow the user to view the next top five recommended movies and the user will be able to continuously do this to see the following top five
recommendations and so on. In other words, in the Recommendation Story, the user gets movies 1 through 5, then the user can do this action to get 6 through 10, and then
do the action again to get 11 through 15, and so on. This will allow the user to have a sense of choice and be able to find a movie that they prefer most out of our
recommendations. During this story, the Movie Details story should still hold true, as the user should still be able to view the details of the newly recommended movies. 
	Here are some exceptions to the happy path. One exception is the user does the action but there are no next five movies to recommend. In this case, we can deal
with it by having a message pop up notifying the user that there are no more movies left to recommend every time they try to execute the action. Another exception could
be that they see the next five movies and maybe they now want to go back to view the previous five movies to compare. We can deal with this by having an action that
allows the user to view the previous five recommended movies. In other words, we could have a “prev 5” button in  addition to the “next 5” button. Another exception
could be that the user has exhausted the movies with titles that contain their current weather. We can deal with this by just continuing to give the next five top
recommended movies even if they are very different from the user’s weather. Along with the five recommendations, we can have a message along the lines of “WARNING: These
recommendations and following recommendations are very different from your current weather.” so the user can have a heads up. Another exception could be that the user 
can't find a movie that they want to watch. For this exception, we can have a message that pops up after an excessive amount of "next 5" clicks have been executed and
that message could be something like "Having a hard time finding the movie for you? Try entering a new zip code!" so the user can see movies with themes that are
different from their current weather. 
