(Rating Story) As a user, I want to like or dislike a movie to express my opinion about a movie.

  To get to this point, the User Login Story, Recommendation Story, Movie Details Story, and More Movies Story are all successful. In other words, the user has logged in, gotten recommendations, was able to view the details of all the recommended movies, and has watched one of the movies that was recommended. After watching the movie, the user will have the ability to rate the movie by liking or disliking it - this could possibly be done with a like and dislike button. The user could find the movie again and then simply like or dislike it. By liking or disliking it, the user indicates that the user has watched the movie and has an opinion about it. The point of this could be that maybe one user might have trouble when deciding on which movie to watch simply based on the recommendations and the movie descriptions. Having the ability to see the ratings from others could help aid that user in making a decision as to which movie to watch. All movies that are rated by a user will be added to their Watch History, which is discussed in further detail in the Watched History Story.
	Here are some exceptions to the happy path. One exception is the user does not have an opinion or did not watch a movie. In both of these cases, we can deal with them by simply making the rating option optional as in, users aren't required to rate movies. We could have a button that a user can press to be able to rate a movie if they want to. Another exception is that the user has a hard time finding the movie again through sifting through recommendations. We can fix this issue by giving a user a search bar to find the movie and then having them rate it. Another exception could be that the user watched a movie twice and maybe they disliked the first time but liked the second time. We can deal with this issue, by allowing one rating per movie per user. This way their rating will reflect their most recent opinion about a movie.
