User Login-Logout Story
Story: As a user, I want to use login and logout authorization to protect my data.

Details: When first entering our application, the user will enter their Google log-in information on our homepage to serve as our user-identification. The 
application will use Google’s OAuth system to verify each individual user who wants to use the application. If their username and password correspond to an 
existing Google account, then they will be taken to their own personal movie and Spotify playlist recommendation page within our application. If they are 
not verified, then we will give the user a notification that authentication was not successful. We want to have a reliable system of authentication, since 
we will be giving recommendations based on weather conditions at entered zip codes, which the user may want to keep private. Ideally, this login process 
will make it so each user will only be able to see their own recommendations, and won’t have access to anyone else’s. When a user is done viewing their 
recommendations, they should log out of their Google account to end their session and close the browser.

While this is the ideal scenario for our application, there are many possible exceptions to the “happy path” we must consider. The first case is if the 
user does not want to make a Google account. Since we will offer the option to sign in with their existing account or make a new one, we may run into a 
scenario where a user doesn’t want to make an account. To combat this, we will have a prompt on the page to have the user sign in with Google, so they will 
be aware that they must have a Google account to use our application. Another possible issue could be that a person forgets to log out of their account 
when they’re done using the application. To address this possible security issue, we will have to develop a method to manually end each user’s session 
after a certain amount of time, so that the browser won’t have continued access to the user’s data.

